document gpu/long-running builds (#2038)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/maintainer/updating_pkgs.rst

remove broken packages from the ``main`` channel:

1. Locate the paths to broken files on `anaconda.org <https://anaconda.org>`__, by searching for the conda-forge package and switching to the files tab.

> 2. Fork `conda-forge/admin-requests <https://github.com/conda-forge/admin-requests>`__ and add a new YML file in the ``requests`` directory.
> 3. Add the broken files to the new YML document.See `examples/example-broken.yml <https://github.com/conda-forge/admin-requests/blob/main/examples/example-broken.yml>`__ for an example file.
> 4. Open a new PR. Once merged, a bot will label all listed files as broken, thus effectively removing them from the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fork `conda-forge/admin-requests <https://github.com/conda-forge/admin-requests>`__
3. Create a new YML file in the ``requests`` directory.
3. Add the broken package files to the new YML document. See `examples/example-broken.yml <https://github.com/conda-forge/admin-requests/blob/main/examples/example-broken.yml>`__ for an example file.
4. Open a new PR.

Once merged, a bot will label all listed files as broken, thus effectively removing them from the channel.
```
